Deprecate IaaS and TaaS Nvidia experience (#2803)
huggingface/blog: inference-dgx-cloud.md

# Serverless Inference with Hugging Face and NVIDIA NIM

> > **Note:** This article is deprecated and the service described is no longer available. For an alternative, you should consider [Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/en/index)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Update:** This service is deprecated and no longer available as of April 10th, 2025. For an alternative, you should consider [Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/en/index)
```
